so this is the site that greets visitors
as they come to pony parties with
beautiful rhododendron bush on our left
and as we come through pass a big trees
we can see the orchard and the ponies
they're happily munching away let's see
if we can just zoom in a bit and get a
bit closer there we are so we've got all
the ponies in the or chat the minute so
you can see all the ponies their little
Maisie on the right-hand side Demi with
this fly rug on to stop the flies by TMG
neither black one in the middle little p
poppy with her pretty mane and tail and
Ginny the black one so if I call them
the public come over oh that's Georgie
come on
here they come unfortunately is far too
tasty this grass it's early in the
morning and obviously had a snooze and
they tend to eat sore between I don't
know about half seven and about nine
o'clock and then they'll tend to have a
bit of a snooze in the sunshine if it's
nice the lovely day to day so they're
making the most of the grass which is
very sensible because they're all going
to be busy today lots of action going on
today we've got two on the move now
here's Maisie coming over get that big
fat tummy and Demi amazing Demi spend a
lot of time together her way up they're
all coming over now for a Hello so this
is our orchard there's poppy and Ginny
so we take people for a wandering we
show them all sorts of different things
in our orchard we go down to the bottom
sometimes see if we can find the fair is
at the bottom of the the orchard look at
our apple trees those are our apple
trees in the middle and at the moment
they've got their baby apples on just
starting to come through and if we pan
around there's a pear tree that's our
pear tree and then if I come all the way
around again there's Maisie George in
the foreground Demi just behind so this
is the orchard so we've got the ponies
in the orchard their eyes poppy at Demi
and Georgie grooming and then we tend to
bring the ponies out here into this sort
of it was a wild garden before we bought
place that are the area where we do the
activities the blue is the picnic tables
you've got a few benches around for
parents and then that's our party room
with the pink and purple curtains in it
so we normally just like the ponies
munch away at the grass while we do all
our activities sometimes as some of you
will know we do an orchard walk which is
through the orchard here
through all the ponies and go and look
at all the different trees and things
and the ponies are usually in here in
our orchard on show for people when they
arrive